add docs for verify-webhook action (#1031)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/http/traffic-policy/actions/index.mdx

| [remove-headers](remove-headers)       | Remove headers from incoming requests or outgoing responses.          | on_http_request, on_http_response                 |
| [restrict-ips](restrict-ips)           | Allow or deny traffic based on source IP.                             | on_http_request, on_tcp_connect                   |
| [url-rewrite](url-rewrite)             | Rewrite request URLs transparently using regular expressions.         | on_http_request                                   |

> | [verify-webhook](verify-webhook)       | Ensures webhook requests sent to your endpoints are intended for you. | on_http_request                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [verify-webhook](verify-webhook)       | Validate incoming webhook signatures against a known secret to ensure authenticity. | on_http_request                                   |
```
